hi guys today I will be reviewing the
Lego architecture series the seung-yoo
moon
it's from Seoul Korea 12 and up 325
pieces
and retails for $34.99 and in the set
these are the things you get in it so in
all the Lego architecture series you get
a little booklet that tells you all
about the structure this skate this
national gate that represents Korea
South Korea and it's equivalent to like
our Statue of Liberty or the Eiffel
Tower
and here is what you'll kind of see
inside it tells you a little bit of the
history on what it was and where it came
from and here's some pictures of it and
when it's lit up at night some pretty
good pictures here and during the time
that it was built later on a few years
later there was a fire that happened and
they had to restore this building this
structure I mean bridge you can kind of
see looks like now but now it's actually
really fenced off her has a huge wall
around it I was lucky enough even to see
this when I was in Korea and when I saw
this structure this set that came out I
was really excited to get it so there
you go some facts about it and the rest
of the book is pretty much just
instructions on how to put it together
so lots of little pieces I think they
did a great job replicating this
structure into Lego and here is the Lego
structure at the semi moon structure and
I had to take it apart just to
get in the box okay and here you can
kind of see all the detail on it it has
a great little tunnel right there
that's the gate they did a really cool
job of using hinges hinge pieces to do
this and I love the plates that come
with it also so you can see the plate
has its name on it the base is made up
of all these long black flat pieces so
it's a really cool set I mean that you
can see the detail on the balconies and
how they replicated it and how they use
the little pieces to replicate the
details of this and also you can even
see they even added a touch of a
different colored bricks because on
there you can tell that there's
different color gray bricks